We're now going to show a very simple use of the user device, or udev system,
which makes sure that the system recognizes any new devices which are plugged in,
and also recognizes when they're removed.
For this we're going to use a simple USB key.
So, in one window on my desktop we're going to
just monitor kernel messages by typing "dmesg".
We'll give it the "-w" option [dmesg -w], which means continuously update as new messages come in.
So, I'm going to hit return a few times, just to
separate out the new input from what was already there.
In my other window, I'm going to see what's there in my device for hard disk nodes.
You'll see I have a number of partitions in /sda,
which is an SSD, and /sdb,
which is a USB disk that's already inserted.
So now I'm going to plug in to a USB port a USB key,
and you see on the left, in
the dmesg window, it recognized there was a mass storage device.
A SCSI removable disk.
If I look over here,
I see "ls -l /dev/sd*" again.
And now we'll see these new entries here,
/sdc, and /sdc1, and /sdc2.
That means there's two partitions on the new disk.
If I open with files down here,
we'll see that this is actually a Red Hat 7 install disk.
Okay, so that's actually what's on the USB stick.
Then, I should unmount it before I remove it.
But since I haven't done anything, I'll be sloppy,
and I'll just pull it out.
And you see the new messages appeared on the left saying "USB disconnect".
And if I look again at what devices are actually there in the device directory,
you'll see it's gone again.
So, that's a simple demonstration of
how your system notices when new devices are plugged in,
loads the necessary drivers,
and makes them available.